hi everyone so if it stays tutorial I
want to create these cute dolly pigtails
for you
this looks really easy and it only takes
about five minutes all I use for this
look was mine straightening iron but you
can use a kind Tong if you prefer so if
you like this look keep on watching hope
you enjoy I'm gonna start by taking my
paddle brush and brush it through all of
my hair just making sure that I've got
rid of any knots now starting at my
crown at the top I'm going to separate
my hair into two sections at the back to
create the two pigtails next taking a
blonde hair tie I'm going to create two
low pigtails by tying my hair just below
the ears
now I'm just going to make sure that
both of my hair ties are even and in the
same place next I'm going to take a heat
protection spray like this one by Lee
Stafford and just spray it all the way
through my hair from the start of my
pigtail to the ends to create the dolly
curls I'm going to take my ghd's and
start by taking a section of hair I'm
just going to clamp my hair on the hair
straighteners and twist it away from me
and then pull the straighteners away and
this is going to create the car carry on
taking sections of hair twisting the
iron away from you and just pulling
downwards or away from your head and
this will create even more curls and
carry on until you've curled all of your
pigtail next I'm just going to take a
comb and tease the top of my pigtail to
create more volume now I'm going to take
my Tresemme style and finish hairspray
and just give my curls a spritz to hold
them in place
here's scrunching the hair is going to
help give it some volume
repeat the process for the other pigtail
and finally you'll have to beautifully
curled pigtails
my dolly curls I don't want my hairband
showing so I'm going to just take a
piece of hair and wrap it around the
hair band until it's completely covered
once I've done that I'm just going to
take Kirby grip and push it up into the
section of hair that I've just covered
the hairband with and this is secure it
in place so this is my final look my
cute dolly pigtails it's really easy
like to create an only takes a couple of
minutes to finish I think it's a really
good look for spring and summer it's
really playful and girly
remember if you don't want to use your
straightness to do this look you could
always use a curling tongue instead it's
up to you so as always thank you for
watching this tutorial guys and please
feel free to rate comment and subscribe
I'll see you in my next video bye